>> Brian Holt: What I want you to do is
the first thing that we're gonna have to
do, is we're gonna have to create
a component called an async route.
So create a new component inside of JS.
And don't get me wrong, other people have
written libraries that will do this for
you, but I wanted to show you
that there's nothing scary here,
you can do this all yourself.
So create a component called
AsyncRoute.jsx inside of
your JS directory.
Make it a flow component,
import React from React.
>> Brian Holt: And
also you're going to need component.
>> Brian Holt: And we're gonna import
Spinner as well because we're gonna
want a little nice loading spinner.
From ./spinner.
Okay.
And then we're gonna have class
AsyncRoute extends component.
>> Brian Holt: And then at the bottom
you're gonna have to export default
AsyncRoute.
Okay.
So this is the first higher order
component that we're gonna write.
So Async@Route itself,
I guess can render its own markup, because
sometimes it'll render Spinner for us.
But it's actually capturing a behavior,
right?
What it's going to do is when it's
rendered, it's going to go out and
fetch the component that you asked for,
and then only after that it
fetched it that it's going to render
itself, does that make sense?
Cool.
So it's gonna take two things in,
two props.
It's gonna take the props that
you wanna pass to the component.
And then the second thing it's going
to take is a loading promise, right?
So let's take a look what that looks like.
And it's also gonna have a state of
whether or not it's loaded, right?
So, by default it's not
going to be loaded, right?
>> Brian Holt: Then we're
gonna have props in here,
which is going to take
in two different props.
One's gonna be mixed, so we don't know or
care what are in the props, right?
We're just gonna take the props that they
give us and pass it down to the component.
So props is gonna be mixed,
that's what we're kind of asserting there.
And then loadingPromise is
going to be of type promise, right?
But with promises you actually have to
give it what the promise is going to
return, right?
Remember how we did parameter with types?
>> Brian Holt: So
it's going to give us back an object, and
the,
>> Brian Holt: The default parameter
inside of this object is going
to be a React component, right?
So it's gonna be a class
of React Component,
React.Component
>> Brian Holt: And
then let's not get too far into
the weeds about how React is typed.
But React has three different props
that you pass to React components.
We're not gonna validate what those are
because we don't know what kind of React
components it's gonna be.
So you're just gonna say *,*,*.
I do believe that this is default props.
Props and state are the parameters there.
I usually don't care, right?
So, sufficed to say,
just believe me that this is okay.
Cool?
Cool.
>> Brian Holt: Oops,
that needs to be on the other side.
No.
Well, I guess that-
>> Speaker 2: You need one of each,
don't you?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, I think I need that.
There we go.
>> Brian Holt: So I realized this
is kind of a lot right here, so
let's just talk about it one more time.
This is a promise, right?
A loading promise is a promise.
What that promise returns when
it resolves is an object, right?
Inside of that object, this is what's
gonna come back from Webpack when it loads
your code asynchronously.
it's gonna be an object with
a default property on it, right?
And that default property is going to be
a class, like this sort of class, right?
And the type of class that it
is is a React component, right?
And React components can be typed
in various ways that we're going
to ignore for now.
That's what the stars means, it means
I don't care what they are, right?
I don't care what type of
React component it is,
I just know that it's going to be
something that React can render.
Good, cool?
All right.
>> Brian Holt: So
something that we could do,
we could store the component
here in state.
This is a bad idea.
The reason why this is a bad idea is,
if you remember React when it's doing it's
diffing algorithm it's going to be
checking everything inside of your state.
A React component has a lot of stuff on
it, and we don't actually want React to be
going through that ever single
time it does a re-render.
So a good way to side
step that is just to say,
I'm gonna put component
on the class itself.
If the component lives
on the class itself, or
anything lives on the class itself,
React doesn't check that.
So it's diffing algorithms is not gonna
put its tendrils in there, right?
Which we don't want it to.
So that's why we're going to put it on
the class and not necessarily in state.
Does that make sense?
Only keep things in state that
have to do with rerenders, right?
If I change the loaded from true to false,
I need a rerender right there.
Component is never going
to force a rerender, right?
We're gonna load the component once and
then not do anything more with it.
So it's good to put that
on just the class itself.
Okay?
Now between these two,
I need to create a componentDidMount.
As soon as this component is mounted to
the dom, we wanna go and start requesting,
or sorry, we actually wanna be acting
upon this promise that we'll gonna get
from props, right?
So what we're gonna say right here
is this.props.loadingPromise,
>> Brian Holt: And we're gonna say .then.
It's gonna take in a module
that Webpack is going to give
us
>> Brian Holt: And
then we're gonna say this.component,
>> Brian Holt: = module.default.
Then at that point we're gonna say
this.setState loaded is true.
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
So it's gonna be passed in a promise.
When that promise resolves, it's gonna
get that module from Webpack, right?
This can happen immediately, right?
If I go from details to search,
then back to details.
Details is still going to
be in Webpack's cache, and
it's just going to immediately
resolve that promise for me.
But this'll still work in either scenario.
So this.component is going to be
equal to module.default, right?
We know that that's going to come back
because we created that type right here.
So that's why that plays nicely with flow.
And once that's been loaded,
we´re gonna set it loaded to true, okay?
Last thing we need to do here
is create the render function.
>> Brian Holt: And it's just gonna be a,
if this.state.loaded so
if I'm loaded, then I want you
to return this.component and
then I wanna just pass
whatever props into that.
This.props.props.
I know this look weird, right?
But we have a props called props, right?
So, that's what you end up with.
If I don't have a state being loaded yet.
What I'm going to return is spinner.
I'm gonna return some sort of loading UI,
right?
In this case, we're just gonna
put the big Spinner on the page.
>> Brian Holt: And that's it,
>> Brian Holt: Any questions about this?
>> Brian Holt: So
now we have this Async Route component.
That we can use inside of our router so
that it's only going to load components
when they're only when they're needed.